Go back to EA Help Homepage
My cases
Manage My Account
Log in/Sign Up
EA SPORTS FC™ 25 early Web and Companion Apps start
Tuesday, 17 September 2024
Played Ultimate Team™ in EA SPORTS FC™ 24? You might be able to start your Ultimate Team™ early in the Web and Companion Apps for EA SPORTS FC™ 25.
Update your account so you’re ready for the early Web and Companion Apps start, and make sure you’ve turned on Login Verification.

What is early start
Release date
How to get access
Can’t access Transfer Market
What is the early start?
Returning Ultimate Team™ players whose accounts are in good standing can create their Ultimate Team™ Club and start trading before the game launches.

When do the EAS FC 25 Web and Companion Apps come out?
Release dates for the EAS FC 25 Web and Companion Apps:

September 13, 2024 – EA SPORTS FC™ 24 Web App goes offline.
September 18, 2024 – EA SPORTS FC™ 25 Web App comes online.
If you played EA SPORTS FC™ 24 and have an account in good standing, this is when you can start using the Transfer Market.
September 19, 2024 – EA SPORTS FC™ 25 Companion App becomes available.
This is your chance to update your Companion App on Android and iOS.
From September 18, 2024, the Web and Companion Apps will only be available for EA SPORTS FC™ 25.

After December 31, 2024, 11:59:59 PM UTC, you’ll need to log in to Ultimate Team™ in EA SPORTS FC™ 25 on your PC or console at least once to continue using both apps.

 
How to get early access to the Web and Companion Apps
You must have logged in to Ultimate Team™ and created an Ultimate Team Club in EAS FC 24 on your platform before August 1, 2024, to be eligible for early access to the EAS FC 25 Web and Companion Apps.
Your EAS FC 24 account must still exist.
If you’ve deleted your Club in EAS FC 24, you won’t be able to get an early start.
Your account needs to be in good standing.
If you don’t have access, it means you’ve either broken our rules in the past or you haven’t played long enough to earn this privilege.
Playing Ultimate Team™ in EAS FC 25 once you have the full game can contribute to earning access to the Transfer Market on the Web and Companion Apps.
I played EAS FC 24, but can’t get into the Transfer Market
Transfer Market access is a privilege for our players. Read more about how to unlock access to the Transfer Market.

To qualify for returning user rewards, you need to have logged into EA SPORTS FC™ 24 more than once by July 31, 2024.

If you qualify and your account is in good standing, your rewards will appear in your Web and Companion Apps on September 18, 2024.

 
Looking for more?
Head over to our EA SPORTS FC™ forums to look for a fix.
Check the EAS FC Trello board for error codes and other issues.
Keep an eye on @EAHelp and @EASFCDirect for everything from outage info to news about our games.
Subscribe to EA Help on YouTube for video walkthroughs and guides.
Was this article helpful?
Not what you were looking for? Try searching again.
TwitchInstagramYoutubeTwitterFacebookJoin the conversation
Link to EA.com
Browse games EA app Answers HQ About Accessibility Jobs
Legal User Agreement Privacy & Cookie Policy Online Service Updates Security How to contact EA Help
Cookie Preferences
© 2024 Electronic Arts Inc.

Language
United States
qnaBot-icon
Have a question? Ask EA HelpX