Go back to EA Help Homepage
My cases
Manage My Account
9uon3mowegdp
How to play Rush in EA SPORTS FC™ 25
Friday, 27 September 2024
Learn how to get started with Rush in all available modes in EA SPORTS FC™ 25.
What is Rush?
Rush is a new, fast-paced 5v5 mode, where you play on a small-sided pitch with three other players.

It’s available in four modes:

Ultimate Team™
Clubs
Manager Career (Couch Co-op only)
Kick Off (Couch Co-op only).
In Clubs and Ultimate Team™, each Rush team has five players: four user-controlled outfield players and an AI-controlled goalkeeper. In Kick Off and Manager Career, you’ll have control over the entire team, except the goalkeeper.

Rush matches last seven minutes with no half-times and the team with the most goals wins. If there’s a tie, you play an extra 2:20min, followed by 1-on-1 Penalty Shootouts if the tie remains.

You can also learn more about Rush mode in our deep dive.

How to get started with Rush
Start by going to the Learn To Play tab and selecting Rush.

Complete the lessons to learn the basics of playing, then select Play Match to complete the Match Objectives and put your skills to the test.

A coral play icon.Check out our video on how to play Rush in Ultimate Team™ and Clubs.

How to play Rush in Ultimate Team™
Go to the Ultimate Team tab in the Main Menu.
Select the Play tab.
Select Rush.
Select Play Drop-In to find teammates or Play with Friends to invite friends to a match.
Completing matches and squad requirements lets you earn Rush Points, which in turn helps you complete weekly objectives and earn rewards.

You can claim rewards earned from Rush Points in the Weekly Rush Objectives menu.

How to play Rush in Clubs
Go to the Clubs tab in the Main Menu.
Select the Play tab.
Select Rush.
Select Play Rush.
Once you’re in the lobby, select Start Search to get matched with teammates.
As a Player, you’ll earn Rush Points based on the outcome of the match and the strength of your opponent. Earning Rush Points will move you through the ranks and earn you rewards at the end of the season for the highest rank you’ve achieved.

Every win also grants you a single Victory Point, which is added to your Club’s tally. All Clubs are placed on a global Clubs Rush leaderboard. Your Club’s placement will determine what rewards you’ll get at the end of the season.

How to play Rush in Manager Career
Go to the Manager Career tab in the Main Menu.
Select the Academy tab.
Select the Youth Tournament tile.
Select Enter Tournament.
Youth Tournament matches in Manager Career are organized as bi-monthly tournaments. These let you develop your Youth Players through the Youth Academy.

How to play Rush in Kick-off
Go to the Kick-off tab in the Main Menu.
Select the Rush tab.
Select Play.
How to invite friends in Rush
In Ultimate Team™ and Clubs, you can invite up to three players to a Rush match in any mode. If you invite fewer than three, you and your teammates will be skill-matched with enough players to make five players in total, including the AI-controlled goalkeeper.

Invite friends to a Rush match in Ultimate Team™
From the Play with Friends tab, select the plus icon.
This will open the Friends tab in the EA connect layer.
Find the friend you want to invite and select Send Invite.
Once you have added your friends, choose Select Event.
You don’t need to fully fill your team. When you choose Select Event, any vacant slots will be filled.
Invite friends to a Rush match in Clubs
In Clubs, select the Play tab, then Rush.
Open the EA connect menu.
On PlayStation®, press R2.
On Xbox, press RT.
On PC, press TAB.
This will open the Friends tab in EA connect.
Find the friend you want to invite and press Send Invite.
If you form a Lobby with three members from the same Club, you’ll play the Rush match in your Club’s kit, crest, and Club name.

To leave a Lobby press:

circle on PlayStation®
B on Xbox
ESC on PC.
If you leave a Lobby that you created, any additional players will remain in the Lobby. If the Lobby has no players when you leave, it will be closed.

How will I be matched with other players?
You’ll be matched with other players based on your Match Rating, which is determined by your contributions to team efforts, not just individual achievements.

Looking for more?
Check out the EA SPORTS FC™ boards in our forums to get help from other players and chat with the community.
Follow @EAHelp and @EASFCDirect for everything from outage info to game news.
Subscribe to EA Help on YouTube for video walkthroughs and guides.
Was this article helpful?
Not what you were looking for? Try searching again.
TwitchInstagramYoutubeTwitterFacebookJoin the conversation
Link to EA.com
Browse games EA app Answers HQ About Accessibility Jobs
Legal User Agreement Privacy & Cookie Policy Online Service Updates Security How to contact EA Help
Cookie Preferences
© 2024 Electronic Arts Inc.

Language
United States
qnaBot-icon
Have a question? Ask EA HelpX
